#summary Changelog for XOT Uzg
#labels Featured
= Changelog =
  
== Changelog v2.7.0b4 - 2007-08-06 (Needs at least XBMC revision R8683) ==
  * Fixed: <string> error in XBMC log due to XOT logger
  * Added: Print directory of script on startup for debugging options
  * Fixed: KK channels where out of sync due to webpage layout!
  * Added: Locking for video update
  * Added: Don't break on not resolving www.rieter.net
  * Fixed: No more frenzy internet lookups: onUpDown now only starts after last onUp in 500ms
  * Changed: uriOpener now has private variables for methodes to prevent multithread  problems
  * Added: New backgrounds for RTL, SBS and Talpa
  * Added: ConvertURLEntity and ConvertHTMLEntity in common.py (replacing StripHTML)
  * Added: maxXotVerison to channels. If XOT updates older channels may lead to conflicts, so they won't be loaded then.
  * Added: TV-Link.co.uk support (needs more file type detection)
  * Fixed: Changing list position while loading first item would lead to wrongly display item info on the newly selected one.
  * Added: Default compare value in progwindow channel comparison
  * Added: UriOpener.Header now also returns the real url after redirection

==Changelog v2.7.0b3 2007-07-28 (Requires at least XBMC R8683)==

  * Added: Code.google.com page: http://code.google.com/p/xot-uzg/
  * Changed: Uitzendinggemist.v2 will be called XOT:Uzg (XBMC Online TV: Uitzendinggemst)
  * Changed: UZG is now based on seperate framework called: XOT (XBMC Online TV)
  * Added: Custom sorting of channels using SortOrder property
  * Changed: Chn_class.py is now completely UZG free
  * Changed: Media files that do not explicitly belong to UZG are renamed from uzg_ to xot_
  * Changed: Progwindow Skin
  * Fixed: Visibility on Panel now works
  * Added: Checking if image is present in SkinFolder. If it is present, that one is used, else the file in the channel folder is used
  * Changed: Media of channels now in channelfolder OR in skinfolder. The latter overwrites the former (skinfolder is the most important location).
  * Changed: Each channel has its own folder now: chn_name.py has to be located \name\chn_name.py
  * Changed: Moved chn_class to libs.
  * Added: New skin for progwindow
  * Added: Control groups for up/down and exit/back
  * Changed: Graphics for channels
  * Added: Possibility to have both a list of channels and buttons. Nr of buttons must be equal to number of channels
  * Changed: Register items to 'channelSelect -> channelRegister'
  * Changed: buttons are now registered from within the channelClass
  * Added: Dynamically load channels
  * Changed: Contextmenu and progwindow skin-name in config.sys
  * Changed: More UZG-name related stuff into the config.py
  * Added: appName to config.py
  * Changed: UpdateUrl now in config.py
  * Changed: UzgLog to logFile (for general purpose)
  
==Changelog v2.7.0b2 2007-07-14 (Requires at least XBMC R8683)==
  * Removed: Some unneccessary imports
  * Added: UZG Logger class, not based on Python logging
  * Added: option to log exceptions in both UZG and XBMC log
  * Added: GUID for identification of cListItems
  * Added: Uriopener checks if filenames are in correct xfat format now
  * Fixed: Some bugs in Uriopener
  * Changed: Joox regex
  * Added: .flv detection to SBS6/PCZapper script

==Changelog v2.7.0b1 2007-07-02 (Requires at least XBMC R8683)==
  * Added: registration of all channels in their own chn_name.py
  * Removed: PMIII skin. Now defaults to Default
  * Added: SBS6 support (from pczapper.tv)
  * Added: Progressbar information while opening
  * Added: complete contextmenu support (used AMT for inspiration but changed a lot). Menu is triggered by the Info Key/Button
  * Changed: renamed skin xml files to uzg-windowname.xml ("uzg-" added)
  * Added: ClearityMod skin
  * Fixed: MC360 skin
  * Added: config.py with all config stuff
  * Added: controls.py with all control and window ID's
  * Changed: Joox download enabled. Defaults to Cache Dir and uses item name as filename.
  * Changed: moved first load of www.uitzendinggemist.nl from default.py to chn_nos.py and added cookie check to chn_nos.py.
  * Fixed: integer instead of float value to progressbar dialog (float is decrepated)
  * Fixed: Minor bug playing KK streams
  * Changed: logging now happens in the 'uzg.log' file in the script folder of UZG. The logfile from the previous session is named 'uzg.old.log'.
  * Added: MultiLine Logger Class with Exception Handling
  * Changed: NOS Search now accepts multiple characters.

==Changelog v2.6.x 2007-06-20 (Requires at least XBMC R8683)==
  * Added: Joox Support
  * Added: Version Checking
  * Changed: UriOpener now has False as default. Only True on data retrieval
  * Fixed: Skin list scrolling
  * Fixed: uriopener did not open file if filesize was smaller than chucksize
  * Changed: cleanup of uriopen method. Also adding more debuginfo
  * Changed: ListItem methodes to comply with XBMC R9198
  * Fixed: wrong tag in skin XML-Files
  * Fixed: re-initialisation of episode window after video playback
  * Fixed: MC360 skin
  * Changed: New Skinlayout, first draft
  * Fixed: Initialisation of Talpa-window continued even when login failed.
  * Added: The "Concept" skin.
  * Fixed: Errors due to very large amounts of URL's queueing up when scrolling an episode list fast.
  * Added: Talpa.tv Uitzendinggemist Support(READ 4.a below)

==Changelog v2.5.x 2007-05-16 (Requires WindowXML compatible XBMC)==
  * Fixed: Problem with image-links in Default skin. Prevented correct display of images when the default skin was selected.
  * Added: PMIII skin.
  * Fixed: RTL 4,5&7 streams were not working due to server changes at RTL.
  * Fixed: Pixel column at left side of button removed.
  * Added: initial MC360 skin support (Still needs testing)
  * Changed: More NOS Uitzendinggemist history. All episodes present on the site should now be visible.
  * Fixed: cleaning of URL with &amp; insided the url.
  * Added: common.py has ID's for the used controls defined in channelwindow.xml.
  * Added: windowxml skinning support (See further down for more notes).
  * Changed: icons for channels/episodes
  * Changed: more robust checking for streams in Kanalenkiezer. Html is now filtered out before playback (had to check HTTP first) to prevent problems with mplayer.
  * Changed: location of constants changed to the channel-libary files.
  * Changed: all constants in CAPITALS, variable in camelCase and methodes in PascalCase

==Changelog v2.4.x 2007-04-24==
  * Changed: to make things a bit more easy to maintain I changed from a single default.py to multiple files.
  * Added: seperate python scripts for libraries (libs), channels and a default.py.
  * Changed: each channel has it's own python file with instructions.
  * Fixed: on some systems the Cache dir was not present which prevented the script from running! Checking this now on startup.
  * Added: BETA support for www.kanalenkiezer.nl
  * Changed: search algorithm for www.uitzendinggemist.nl

==Changelog v2.3.x 2007-04-09==
  * Fixed: lookup string was wrong due to missing Q, X and Y.
  * Fixed: no episodes were displayed if no date was found for episodes.
  * Added: Searching for NED1,2&3. Only one symbol can be used to search. Others will be neglected.

==Changelog v2.2.x 2007-04-09==
  * Added: Progressbar support while loading an URL

==Changelog v2.1.x 2007-04-03==
  * Fixed: scaling bug when using HD resolutions
  * Added: parsing of ASX/ASF for compatibility with older XBMC versions
  * Added: first support for RTL 4,5 & 7 (please use the XBMC forum link to let me know if there are bugs)
  * Added: icons for folders/video-files

==Changelog v2.0.x 2007-03-30==
  * Added: animations
  * Changed: tabs instead of spaces for indentation
  * Added: readme.txt
  * Fixed: now again working with www.uitzendinggemist.nl
  * Fixed: working ASF streams
  * Added: support for multiple episodes of a programm
  * Changed: split window-class into to parts: program-window and episode-window
  * Added: new background
  * Changed: layout
  * Fixed: display most recent programms, instead of the first in alphabetical ranking
