#summary So you want to use the XOT Framework for your own Online TV script?
#labels Featured

= XOT Framework =
_So, you want to use the XOT Framework for your own Online TV Script?_

This can be done and is not too difficult. This small tutorial will give an introduction into the XOT Framework. This WIKI page will contain the following items:
  # XOT Framework FolderLayout
  # XOT Framework Files
  # XOT Framework Configuration Files
  # XOT [ChannelLayout Channel Layout]
  # and finally the XOT [Skinning Skinning Layout]

  
== XOT Framework FolderLayout ==
The XOT Framework has a very specific folderlayout that should be be kept intact:
{{{
 XOTFramework
  + Cache
  |
  + Channels
  |    |
  |    + Channel1
  |    |    + chn_channel1.py
  |    |    + channel1icon.png
  |    |    + channel1largeicon.png
  |    |    + channel1background.png
  |    |    + channel1background16x9.png
  |    |   
  |    + Channel2
  |    |  
  |    + Channel3
  |    |  
  |    + Etc, Etc, Etc......
  |
  + Libs
  |    + chn_class.py
  |    + common.py    
  |    + config.py
  |    + contextmenu.py
  |    + controls.py
  |    + logger.py
  |    + progwindow.py
  |    + update.py
  |    + uriopener.py 
  | 
  + Skins
  |    + Default
  |    |    + Media
  |    |    + PAL
  |    |    + PAL16x9 
  |    |    
  |    + Skin2
  |    |    + Media
  |    |    + PAL
  |    |    + PAL16x9 
  |    |    
  + default.py
  + default.tbn
  + readme.txt
  + logfile.log
  + logfile.old.log
}}}
== Framwork Files ==
The main framework is based on a small number of files. These files are very dependent on eachoter and *should not be modified*:

|| *Filename* || *Description* ||
|| default.py || Default python script that load all other modules and starts the logger and download handler||
|| default.tbn || Button icon for XBMC. Just an renamed .PNG file (Can be changed)||
|| readme.txt || Name says it all||
|| logfile.(old.)log|| The two logfiles that are being kept. Logfile.log is the most recent one. Logfile.old.log the one from the previous runs||
|| chn_class.py|| Base class on which all channel scripts are bases. See [chn_class] page for more information||
|| common.py|| Library with some common objects||
|| contextmenu.py|| The name says it all||
|| controls.py || Just constants for mapping to default XBMC actions and Skin objects||
|| logger.py || Custom Logging for XOT||
|| progwindow.py || Main XOT window ||
|| update.py || Update checker ||
|| uriopener.py || Download handler ||

So what files can you change? Well, there is only one obvious one left: config.py. 

== Configuring your XOT ==

The main configuration is done via the _config.py_ file. Consists of two parts. The first part should not be changed:
{{{
import os, logging

rootDir = os.getcwd().replace(";","")
if rootDir[-1]!='\\': rootDir=rootDir+'\\'

cacheDir = os.path.join(rootDir,'cache')
if cacheDir[-1]!='\\': cacheDir=cacheDir+'\\'
}}}
The second part is the real configuration part:
{{{
appName = "Uitzendinggemist.v2"
appSkin = "uzg-progwindow.xml"
contextMenuSkin = "uzg-contextmenu.xml"

logLevel = logging.DEBUG
logDual = True
logFileName = "uzg.log"

version = "2.7.0b3"
updateUrl = "http://www.rieter.net/uitzendinggemist/index.php?currentversion="

skinFolder = "" #get's set from default.py
}}}

To Be Continued.....









